th the senator from Wyoming Mr barasso
the senator from West Virginia Mrs Capo
the senator from Iowa miss erns the
senator from Montana Mr Danes the
senator from Iowa Mr Grassley the
senator from Idaho Mr
R all members of the escort committee
will exit the chamber through the lobby
doors
e e
for
[Applause]
w
for e
members of Congress I have the high no
just announce oh announcement Mr Speaker
the dean of the Diplomatic Court
[Applause]
War
got I got
you e
I
e e
for
oh for
that's
Mr Speaker the prime minister of the
state of Israel
[Applause]
wo w
[Music]
w
[Applause]
w w
[Music]
w
[Applause]
members of Congress I now have the high
privilege and distinct honor of
presenting to you his Excellency
Benjamin Netanyahu prime minister of
Israel
[Applause]
Speaker of the House Mike
Johnson Senator Ben
Cardon minority leader Keem
Jeff Senate Majority Leader Chuck
Schumer Senate minority leader Mitch
McConnell
Senators members of
Congress distinguished
guests Mr
Speaker I want to thank you for giving
me the profound honor of addressing this
great Citadel of democracy for the
fourth time
[Applause]
we meet today at a Crossroads of
History our world is in
upheaval in the Middle East Iran's
access of Terror confronts America
Israel and our Arab
friends this is not a clash of
civilizations
it's a clash between barbarism and
civilization it's a clash between those
who glorify death and those who sanctify
[Applause]
life for the forces of civilization to
Triumph America and Israel must stand
[Applause]
[Music]
together because because when we stand
together something very simple happens
we win they lose
and my friends I came to assure you
today of one thing we will win
[Applause]
[Music]
ladies and
gentlemen like December 7th
1941 and September 11th
2001 October 7th is a day that will
forever live in
infamy it was the Jewish holiday of
sim it began as a perfect day not a
cloud in the sky thousands of young
Israelis were celebrating at an outdoor
music
festival and
suddenly at 6:29
a.m. as children were still sleeping
soundly in their beds in the towns in
kibuts next to
Gaza suddenly Heaven turned into
hell 3,000 Kamas terrorists stormed into
Israel they butchered 1200 people from
41 countries including 39
Americans
proportionately compared to our
population size that's like 2 91s in one
day and these
monsters they rape
women they beheaded men they burned
babies
alive they killed parents in front of
their
children and children in front of their
parents
they dragged 255 people both living and
dead into the dark dungeons of
Gaza Israel has already brought home 135
of these hostages including seven who
were freed and during rescue operations
one of those freed hostages nor gamman
is here in the gallery sitting near my
wife
Sarah on the morning
[Applause]
on the morning of October
7th the entire world saw Noah's look of
desperation as she was violently
abducted to Gaza on the back of a
motorcycle I met Noah's mother
Leora a few months
ago she was dying of
cancer she said to me
prime
minister I have one final
wish I wish to hug my daughter Noah one
last time before I
die two months ago I authorized a
breathtaking Commander rescue
operation our special forces including a
heroic officer named Arnon Mora who fell
in this battle rescued no and three
other
[Applause]
hostages
Noah I think it's one of the most moving
things when Noah was reunited with her
mother
Leora and her mother's last wish came
true Noah we're so thrilled to have you
with us today thank
[Applause]
you many hostage families are also here
with us
today including
bibas El
bibas is the grandfather of those two
beautiful redheaded Boys the bbus boys
toddlers And they were taking
hostage with their mother and no sorry
and
ilo's Son the entire family was taken
hostage two beautiful red-haired
children taken hostage what monsters
and with us also is Iris Kim whose son
yam bravely escaped Kamas captivity with
two other Israelis and tragically they
were killed making their way back to our
lines we have with us also the families
of American
hostages they're here
[Applause]
the pain these families have
endured is beyond
words I met with them again yesterday
and I promised them this I will not rest
until all their loved ones are home all
of them
[Applause]
as we
speak we're actively engaged in
intensive efforts to secure their
release and I'm confident the that these
efforts can succeed some of them are
taking place right now
I want to thank President Biden for his
tieless efforts on behalf of the
hostages and for his efforts to the
hostage families as
[Applause]
well I thank President Biden for his
heartfelt support for Israel after the
Savage attack back on October 7th he
rightly called Hamas sheer evil he
dispatched two aircraft carriers to the
Middle East to deter a wider war and he
came to Israel to stand with us during
our darkest hour a visit that will never
be
[Applause]
forgotten President Biden and I have
known each other for over 40 years I
want to thank him for half a century of
friendship to Israel and for being as he
says a proud Zionist actually he says a
proud Irish American
[Applause]
Zionist my friends for more than nine
months Israel's soldiers have shown
boundless courage with us today
[Applause]
with us today is Lieutenant aik
ruen AB is an officer and there Israeli
paratroopers his family immigrated to
Israel from
Ethiopia in the early hours of October
7th aik heard the news of hamas's bloody
Rampage he put on his uniform grabbed
his
rifle but he didn't have a
car so he ran eight miles to the front
lines of Gaza to defend his people
you heard that right he ran eight
miles came to the front lines killed
many terrorists and saved many many
lives
we all honor your remarkable heroism
another Israeli is with us here today
and he's standing stand up right next to
right next to a this is Master Sergeant
ashh Al
[Applause]
bakiri ashra is was a ban soldier from
the Israeli Muslim Community of rat on
October 7th Ash 2 killed many terrorists
first he defended his comrades in the
military base and he then rushed to
defend the neighboring communities
including the devastated community of
kibuts berry like
ash like ashra the Muslim Soldier of the
IDF fought alongside their Jewish Drews
Christian and other comrades in arms
with tremendous
[Applause]
bravery a third hero Lieutenant Assa
Sofer
is also here with
[Applause]
us Assa fought as an officer in the
tankor and he was wounded in battle he
was wounded in
battle while protecting his fellow
soldiers from a grenade
he lost his right arm and the vision in
his left
eye he's
recovering and
Incredibly within a short time Assa will
soon return to active duty as a
commander of a tank company
I just learned there is a fourth hero
here Lieutenant Jonathan Jonathan bamo
who lost the leg in Gaza and continue to
fight
my friends these are the soldiers of
Israel unbowed undaunted unafraid
as the Bible
says they shall rise like lions they
have risen like lions the Lions of Judah
the Lions of Israel
ladies and
gentlemen the men and women of the IDF
come from every corner of Israeli
Society every ethnicity every color
every Creed left and right religious and
secular all are imbued with the
indomitable Spirit of the mccabes the
legendary Jewish Warriors of antiquity
with us today is yak lier the father of
one of those
mabes yak's father escaped the Holocaust
and found refuge in America as a Young
Man yil moved to Israel and raised a
family of eight children he named his
eldest son Moshe after his late father
Moshe became an exemplary officer in one
of our Elite Commando units he served
with distinction for two decades while
raising six six beautiful children of
his
own on October 7th Moshe volunteered to
return to
combat four weeks
later he was killed when a booby trap
mine exploded in a tunnel shaft right
next to a
mosque at his son's funeral yil said
this if the state of Israel had not been
established after the Holocaust the
image engraved in our Collective memory
with would have been the photograph of
that helpless Jewish boy in the waro
ghetto holding his hands up in the air
with Nazi rifles pointed at him but
because of the birth of Israel yil
continued because of the courage of
soldiers like my son Moshe the Jewish
people are no longer helpless in the
face of our enemies
yil please rise so we can honor your
son's sacrifice and I pledge to you and
to all the B families of Israel some of
whom are in this Hall today the
sacrifice of your loved ones will not be
in vain
it will not be a
vain because for
Israel never again must never be an
empty promise it must always remain a
sacred vow and after October 7th never
again is now
[Applause]
my friends defeating our brutal enemies
requires both courage and
Clarity Clarity
Begins by knowing the difference between
good and
evil yet incredibly
many many anti-israel
protesters many choose to stand with
evil they stand with
Hamas they stand with rapists and
murderers they stand with people who
came into the
kibuts into a
home the parents hid the children the
two babies in the Attic in a secret
attic they murder the families the
parents they find the secret latch to
the hidden attic and then they murder
the babies
these protesters stand with them they
should be ashamed of themselves
[Applause]
they refuse to make the simple
distinction between those who Target
terrorists and those who Target
civilians between the Democratic state
of Israel and the terrorist thugs of
Hamas we recently learned from the
National Security director director of
us Director of National Intelligence
that Iran is funding and promoting
anti-israel protests in America they
want to disrupt
America so these protesters burn
American flags even on the 4th of July
and I wish to salute the fraternity
Brothers at the University of North
Carolina who protected the American flag
protected the American flag against
these anti-israel prot
[Applause]
protesters from all we know Iran is
funding the anti Israel protests that
are going on right now outside this
building not that many but they're there
and throughout the
city well I have a message for these
protesters when the tyrants of tan who
hang gays from cranes and murder women
for not covering their hair are praising
promoting and funding you you have
officially become Iran's useful idiots
some of these
protesters it's amazing absolutely
amazing some of these protesters hold up
signs proclaiming gays for Gaza they
they might as well hold up signs saying
chickens for
[Music]
KFC these protesters chant from the
river to the
sea but many don't have a clue what
river and what sea they're talking
about they not only get an F in
geography they get an F in
history they call Israel they call
Israel a colonialist State don't they
know that the land of Israel is where
Abraham Isaac and Jacob prayed where
Isaiah and Jeremiah preached and where
David and Solomon
[Applause]
ruled for nearly 4,000 years the land of
Israel has been the homeland of the
Jewish people it's always been our home
it will always be our
home it's not only the campus protesters
who get it wrong it's also the people
who run those
campuses 80 years after the
Holocaust 80 years after the Holocaust
the presidents of Harvard Penn and I'm
ashamed to say my alma moer
MIT couldn't bring themselves to condemn
the calls for the genocide of
Jews you remember what they
said they said it depends on the
context well let me give these befuddled
academics a little
[Applause]
context anti-Semitism is the world's
oldest hatred for centuries the massacre
of Jews was always preceded by wild
accusations we were accused of
everything from poisoning Wills to
spreading plagues to using the blood of
slaughtered children to bake Passover
matzos these Preposterous anti-semitic
lies led to persecution mass murder and
ultimately to history's worst genocide
the
Holocaust now just as malicious lies
were leveled for centuries at the Jewish
people malicious lies are now being
leveled at the Jewish
State no no don't
applaud
listen the outrageous Slanders that
paint Israel as racist and genocidal are
meant to delegitimate I Israel to
demonize the Jewish State and to
demonize Jews everywhere and no wonder
no wonder we've witnessed an appalling
rise of anti-Semitism in America and
around the world my
friends whenever and wherever we see the
scourge of anti-Semitism we must
unequivocally condemn it and resolutely
fighting without exception
and don't be
fooled when the blood lials against the
Jewish
State come from people who wear fancy
silk robes and speak in lofty tones
About Law And
Justice here's a case in point the
prosecutor of the international criminal
court has shamefully accused Israel of
deliberately starving the people of Gaza
this is utter complete nonsense it's a
complete
fabrication Israel has enabled more than
40,000 a trucks to enter Gaza that's
half a million tons of food and that's
more than 3,000 calories for every man
wom and child in Gaza if there are
Palestinians in Gaza who aren't getting
enough food it's not because Israel is
blocking it it's because Hamas is
stealing it
so much for that lie but here's another
the IC prosecutor accuses Israel of
deliberately targeting
civilians what in God's green earth is
he talking about the IDF just dropped
millions of Flyers sent millions of text
messages made hundreds of thousands of
phone calls to get Palestinian civilians
out of Harm's Way but at the same time
Hamas Hamas does everything in its power
to put Palestinian civilians In Harm's
Way they fire Rockets from schools from
hospitals from mosks they even shoot
their own people when they try to leave
the war zone a senior Hamas official fat
Hamad boasted listen to this he boasted
that Palestinian women and children
excel at Being Human Shields his words
excel at Being Human Shields what
monstrous evil
for Israel every civilian death is a
tragedy for Hamas it's a
strategy they actually want Palestinian
civilians to die so that Israel will be
smeared in the international media and
be pressured to end the war before it's
won this would enable Hamas to survive
another day and as they vowed to carry
out October 7th again and again and
again well I want to assure you no
matter what pressure is brought to bear
I will never allow that to
[Applause]
happen the vast majority of Americans
have not fallen for this Kamas
propaganda they continue to support
Israel and I want to say thank you
America and thank you senators and house
members who continue to support us
continue to support Israel continue to
support the truth and see through the
lies but as for the
minority that may have fallen for
hamas's Khan's job I suggest you listen
to Colonel John
Spencer John Spencer is head of urban
Warfare studies at West Point he studied
every major urban conflict I was going
to say say in his in modern history you
corrected me no in
history Israel he said has implemented
more precautions to prevent civilian
harm than any military in history and
Beyond what international law requires
[Applause]
that's why despite all the lies you've
heard the war in
Gaza has one of the lowest ratios of
combatants to non-combatants casualties
in the history of urban
Warfare and you want to know where it's
lowest in
Gaza it's
Rafa in Rafa remember what so many
people said if Israel goes into Rafa
there will be thousands maybe even tens
of thousands of civilians
killed well last week I went into Rafa I
visited our troops as they finished
fighting hamas's remaining terrorist
battalions I asked the commander
there how many terrorists did you take
out in Rafa he gave me an exact number
123 I asked him how many civilians were
killed
he said prime
minister practically none with the
exception of a single incident where
shrapnel from a bomb hit a Hamas weapons
Depot and unintentionally killed two
dozen people the answer is practically
none you want to know why because Israel
got the civilians out of Harm's Way
something people said we could never do
but we did it
[Applause]
these Heroes here today the heroic
soldiers of Israel should not be
condemned for how they're conducting the
war in Gaza they should be commended for
it
[Applause]
I want to thank all of you here today
who forcefully opposed the false
accusations of the IC and stood up for
the truth these lies are not only lious
they're downright dangerous the ICC is
trying to Shackle Israel's hands and
prevent us from defending ourselves and
if Israel's hands are
tied America is next and I'll tell you
what else is next the ability of all
democracies to fight terrorism will be
imperiled that's what's on the line so
let me assure you the hands of the
Jewish state will never be Shackled
Israel will always defend itself
[Applause]
my friends in the Middle East Iran is
virtually beyond
Behind all the terrorism all the turmoil
all the chaos all the
killing and that should come as no
surprise when he founded the Islamic
Republic ayat pledged we will export our
Revolution to the entire
world we will export the Islamic
revolution to the entire world now ask
yourself which country ultimately stands
in the way of Iran's maniacal plans to
impose radical Islam on the world and
the answer is clear it's America the
guardian of Western civilization and the
world's greatest power
[Applause]
that's why Iran sees America as its
greatest enemy last
month we heard a revealing comment
sensibly about the war in Gaza but about
something else it came from the foreign
minister of Iran's proxy kisala and he
said this this is not a war with
Israel Israel he said is merely a tool
the main War the real war is with
America Iran's regime has been fighting
America from the moment it came to power
in
1979 it stormed the American Embassy it
held scores of Americans hostage for 444
days since then Iran's terrorist proxies
have targeted America in the Middle East
and Beyond in Beirut they killed 241 US
servicemen in Africa they bombed
American embassies in Iraq they supplied
explosives to maim and kill thousands of
American soldiers in America in
America they actually sent death quads
they sent death squads here to murder a
former Secretary of State and a former
National Security adviser and as we
recently learned they even brazenly
threatened to assassinate president
Trump but Iran understands that to truly
challenge America it must first conquer
the Middle East and for this it uses its
many proxies including the htis hisbah
and
Kamas yet in the heart of the Middle
East standing in Iran's way is one proud
pro-american democracy my country the
state of Israel
[Applause]
that's why that's why the mobs in tan
chant death to Israel before they chant
death to America for Iran Israel is
First America is next so when Israel
fights Hamas we're fighting Iran when we
fight hisbah we're fighting Iran when we
fight the huis we're fighting Iran and
when we fight Iran we're fighting the
most radical and murderous enemy of the
United States of
America and one more thing when Israel
acts to prevent Iran from developing
nuclear weapons nuclear weapons that
could destroy Israel and threaten every
American city every city that you come
from We're Not only protecting ourselves
we're protecting you
my friends if you remember one thing one
thing from the speech remember this our
enemies are your enemies our fight is
your fight
and our Victory will be your
[Applause]
Victory ladies and gentlemen that
Victory is in sight Israel's defeat of
Hamas will be a powerful blow to Iran's
AIS of
Terror another part of that AIS balah
attacked Israel on October 8th a day
after the Hamas attack it has launched
thousands of missiles and drones against
us 880,000 of our citizens in Northern
Israel evacuated their homes becoming
effectively refugees in their own land
we are committed to returning them home
we prefer to achieve this diplomatically
but let me be clear Israel will do
whatever it must do to restore security
to our northern border and return our
people safely to their
homes last Friday a third Iranian P
proxy the htis
attacked Tel Aviv with a deadly drone it
exploded a few hundred feet from the
American Consulate killing one person
and injuring
nine on
Saturday I authorized a swift response
to that
attack all our enemies should know this
Those Who attack Israel will pay a very
heavy price and as we defend ourselves
and as we defend ourselves on all fronts
I know that America has our back and I
thank you for it all sides of the aisle
thank you
[Applause]
my friends for decades America has
provided Israel with generous military
assistance and a grateful Israel has
provided America with critical
intelligence that saved many lives we've
jointly developed some of the most
sophisticated weapons on
Earth I choose my words carefully we've
jointly developed some of the most
sophisticated weapons on Earth that help
protect both our countries and we also
help we also help keep keep American
boots we help keep Americans boots off
the ground while protecting our shared
interests in the Middle
[Applause]
East I deeply appreciate America's
support including in this current
War but this is an exceptional moment
fast-tracking US military aid can
dramatically expedite an end to the war
in Gaza and help prevent a broader war
in the Middle East in World War
II as Britain fought on the front lines
of
civilization Winston Churchill appeal to
Americans with these famous words give
us the tools and we'll finish the job
today as Israel fights on the front line
of civilization I too appe to America
give us the tools faster and we'll
finish the job
faster my dear friends the war in Gaza
could end tomorrow if Hamas surrenders
disarms and returns all the
[Applause]
hostages but if they don't Israel will
fight until we destroy hamas's military
capabilities end its rule in Gaza and
bring all our hostages home
[Applause]
that's what total victory means and we
will settle for nothing
less the
day the day after we defeat Hamas a new
Gaza could emerge my vision for that day
is of a
demilitarized and deradicalized Gaza
Israel does not seek to resettle Gaza
but for the foreseeable future we must
retain overriding security control there
to prevent the Resurgence of Terror to
ensure that Gaza never again poses a
threat to
[Applause]
Israel Gaza should have a civilian
Administration run by Palestinians who
do not seek to destroy Israel that's not
too much to ask it's it's a fundamental
thing that we have a right to demand and
to
receive and new generation of
Palestinians must no longer be taught to
hate Jews but rather to live in peace
with
us those t words
demilitarization and
deradicalization those two concepts were
applied to Germany and Japan after World
War II and that led to Decades of peace
prosperity and
security following our
Victory following our Victory with the
help of regional Partners the
demilitarization and deradicalization of
Gaza can also lead to a future of
security prosperity and peace
that's my vision for
Gaza now here's my vision for the
broader Middle
East it's also shaped in part by what we
saw in the aftermath of World War II
after that war America forged a security
Alliance in Europe to counter the
growing Soviet threat
likewise America and Israel today can
forge a security Alliance in the Middle
East to counter the growing Iranian
Threat all countries that are at peace
with Israel and all those countries who
will make peace with Israel should be
invited to join this
Alliance we saw a glimpse we saw a
glimpse of that potential Alliance on
April 14th led by the United States more
than half a dozen Nations worked
alongside Israel to help neutralize
hundreds of missiles and drones launched
by Iran against us thank you President
Biden for bringing that Coalition
together the new alliance I envisioned
would be a natural extension of the
ground breaking Abraham Accords those
Accords saw peace forged between Israel
and four Arab countries and they were
supported by Republicans and Democrats
alike we could
[Applause]
call I have a name for this new
alliance I think we should call it the
Abraham
Alliance I want to thank president Trump
for his leadership and brokering the
historic Abraham
[Applause]
Accords like Americans Israelis were
relieved that President Trump emerged
safe and sound from that dastardly
attack on him dastardly attack on
American democracy there is no room for
political violence
[Applause]
democracies I also want to thank
president Trump for all the things he
did for Israel from recognizing Israel's
sovereignty over the Golan Heights to
confronting Iran's aggression to
recognizing Jerusalem as our capital and
moving the American Embassy there
that's Jerusalem our Eternal Capital
never to be divided again
[Applause]
my dear friends Democrats and
Republicans despite these times of
upheaval I'm hopeful about the future
I'm hopeful about Israel because my
people the Jewish people emerged from
the depths of Hell from dispossession
and
genocide and Against All Odds we
restored our sovereignty in our ancient
Homeland we built a powerful and vibrant
democracy a democracy that pushes the
boundaries of innovation for the
betterment of all
Humanity I'm hopeful about
America because I'm hopeful about
Americans I know how much the people of
this country have sacrificed to defend
Freedom America will be continued to be
a force for light and good in a dark and
dangerous World for free peoples
everywhere America Remains The Beacon of
Liberty it's extraordinary Founders en
Vision back in
1776 working together I'm confident that
our two Nations will Vanquish the
tyrants and terrorists who threaten us
both as Israel's Prim Minister I promise
you this no matter how long it takes no
how no matter how difficult the road
ahead Israel will not relent Israel will
not Bend we will defend our land we will
defend our people we will fight until we
achieve victory victory over Liberty
rather victory of Liberty over tyranny
victory Of Life over death victory of
good over evil that's our solemn
commitment
and we will continue to work with the
United States and our Arab Partners to
transform a troubled region from a
Backwater of repression poverty and War
into a thriving Oasis of dignity
prosperity and peace in this Noble
Mission as in many others
Israel will always remain America's
indispensable Ally through thick and
thin through second thing in good times
and in bad Israel will always be your
loyal friend and your steadfast partner
on behalf of the people of
Israel I came here today to say thank
you America thank you for your support
and solidarity thank you for standing in
Israel with Israel in our hour of need
together together we shall defend our
common civilization together we shall
secure a brilliant future for both our
Nations
may God bless Israel may God bless
America and may God bless the great
alliance between Israel and America
forever
[Applause]
h
thank
[Applause]
you
1400 days
[Applause]
I'm